[Autogenerated] This brings us to Amazon Red shift.
So what is red shift?
Well, Amazon Red Shift is a fully managed,
petabytes scale data warehouse service within a W s.
So since it's fully managed, Amazon handles the infrastructure side of things,
and then we just configure some other odds and ends.
Now read Shift is composed of a collection of compute
resource Is and these error known as nodes,
and these notes are then organized into groups that we call clusters.
And each cluster runs a Mazon red shift engine and
contains one or more database is within it.
So if you ever get a question relating to data warehouses within a W s,
it's more than likely going to lead to Amazon Red Shift as the solution,
or at least a part of the solution.
Let's go ahead.
We'll end here, and then in the next clip, we'll start looking at red shift from within the AWS console